# Banking-Marketing-Database
For this project, we will use the large Bank Marketing database set at UCI Machine learning repository which is related to direct marketing campaigns of a Portuguese banking institution. The marketing campaigns were based on phone calls. Often, more than one contact to the same client was required, in order to access if the product (bank term deposit) would be (‘yes’) or not (‘no’) subscribed. There has been a revenue decline for the Portuguese bank and they would like to know what actions to take. After the investigation, we found out that the root cause is that their clients are not depositing as frequently as before. In addition, banks also hold a better chance to persuade term deposit clients into buying other products such as funds or insurance to further increase their revenues. As a result, the Portuguese bank would like to identify existing clients that have higher chance to subscribe for a term deposit and focus marketing effort on such clients. Through this exercise, we will be building few classifiers to predict whether a particular client will subscribe to term deposit or not. If classifier has very high accuracy it can help the manager to filter clients and use available resources more efficiently to achieve the campaign goal. Besides, we would also try to find influential factors for the decision so that we can establish an efficient and precise campaigning strategy. The proper strategy would reduce cost and improve long-term relations with the clients.
